the US Secretary of State and his
British counterpart made clear they
share a common position on Israel's war
in
Gaza they've welcomed what they say are
signs that Israel is allowing more
humanitarian Aid to get into Gaza Israel
has made important commitments to
significantly increase the supply of
humanitarian assistance throughout Gaza
and has taken some initial actions as
well and both insists that there will be
no change in the policy of arms to
Israel our position is in line with our
International Partners so far no
like-minded countries have taken the
decision to suspend existing arms export
licenses to Israel and I'd add that
Israel remains a vital defense and
security partner to the UK our
cooperation makes the UK and Israel more
secure from external threats a common
belief too that Hamas is a stumbling
block in achieving a ceasefire with no
mention of any Israeli intransigent
the issue of Gaza was also a point of
tight focus in the Senate where the
Secretary of Defense appeared before the
armed services committee to discuss his
2025 budget enough is enough how many
children have to die the session was
interrupted by protesters some accusing
Israel of genocide and the question was
put directly by a senator is Israel
committing genocide in Gaza uh Senator c
i we don't have any evidence of genocide
side being uh created uh so that's
that's a no Israel is not committing
genocide in Gaza we don't have evidence
of that but others contined to demand
Israel's accountability the Department
of Defense and the state department are
currently assessing whether Israel is in
compliance with International
humanitarian law I consider myself a
friend of Israel and by not separating
the Palestinian civilians from Hamas
they are playing into hamas's hands when
you kill a civilian child their parents
are not going to be very sympathetic uh
to the people that let that bomb loose
despite these concerns the message on
Capitol Hill and in the state department
are consistent us support for Israel
will remain
unconditional Mike Hannah Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer